demo session with Adityaa

Adityaa is the founder of subtrace, which I really like. Sharp Go programmer.


I sent him to exe.dev/welcome. He went straight for the SSH command and typed
or copy-pasted it into the terminal. His SSH key didn't register in our github
db. He tried to click on the confirmation number to type it back into
the terminal, went to the terminal, and then back to the web and found the Confirm button.
So, he figured it out, but maybe wasn't perfect.

He typed "new" and was impressed ("Wow") that it came back in 2s.

He clicked on the welcome page. It's very ugly. He did say
"it's like the it works thing that nginx does", but this is obviously
a page we need to do some love on. "What next?" copy.

He complained about the logout links. It should be a POST (per some
hackernews article).

He was confused between the exe.dev terminal and the machine terminal.

"Can I drop into a shell?" <-- on the exe.dev terminal.

He was a bit confused about "Sessions timeout after 10 minutes of inactivity"
in the Terminal tab. (I say this because we need to release resources, but we
should just do the dtach work.)

He checked out /proc/cpuinfo and meminfo and such. Was happy to see 2GB of memory
and a real machine. "I would have killed to just get a shell when I was 13...
I didn't have a credit card."

He tried installing claude. Didn't know it was pre-installed and that's
a bit awkard anyway.

We had a long chat about creds and custom images and so on. It would
be annoying to spin up a new box and have to inject creds (like for Claude Code).
AMI images? Private containers? Env variables?

An idea we had was "volumes"; should we allow mounting and sharing a drive
across boxes?

Tried "new ?" and "new -h"; didn't see "new help". We should just be better
about command line arguments.

"Oh, these are mapped one to one" about multiple port proxies.

"If this was raw TCP, I could do some interesting stuff" (like an SMTP server)

Ctrl-C dropped him out of the exe.dev shell. I think it shouldn't have.

Some confusion about how the proxy command marks one port as special.
We discussed renaming it to "expose" or "publish".

He asked about subdomains within his box domain. I don't know that that's
easy for us (wildcard cert problems; is DNS easy? not sure). 

The use case for subdomains is that whatever thing Adityaa is developing
requires foo.subtrace.exe.dev and bar.subtrace.exe.dev. He could implement his
own caddy or whatever, but he has some use cases in mind for subdomains maybe.

The /new page needs a link to the agent when it's creating. I think
the buttons are being hidden early.

Subtrace has an ipv6 trick. You can get a lot of ipv6 domains, and do AAAA
records and that sort of gives him what we want vis-a-vis box.exe.dev vs box@exe.dev.
But we talked through it and it's only nice to have.

He tried using replit for github web hooks in response to PRs and it went
terribly. Replit overcompilcated things.

He was interested in how our agent chose Go for his example prompt.
We need slightly better prompting here (restart the daemon; don't start
another one), but it worked well enough.

Shelley web browser is borken in boring ways.

"People by CPU, storage, network, and tokens, and nothing else in dev tools."

Adityaa kept thinking of these things as more temporary than they are.
I think he has a lot of temporary use cases.

He pointed out that an exe.dev box could recursively create more exe.dev boxes.
